Add COSE encrypted disclosures (#75)
ietf-wg-spice/draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt: draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt.md

> In the Messaging Layer Security (MLS) protocol {{?RFC9420}}, an SD-CWT credential {{?I-D.mahy-mls-sd-cwt-credential}} could present one subset of its disclosures to the MLS Distribution Service, and a different subset of those disclosures to the other members of the MLS group.

> The entire SD-CWT is included in the protected header of the SD-KBT, which integrity protects both encrypted and regular disclosures alike.
> As with regular disclosures, encrypted disclosures MUST NOT appear in the unprotected header of an SD-KBT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire SD-CWT is included in the protected header of the SD-KBT, which secured the entire issuer signed SD-CWT including its unprotected headers which include its disclosures.

When encrypted disclosures are present they MUST be in the unprotected header of the issuer signed SD-CWT, before the SD-KBT can be generated by the holder.

The verifier of the key binding token, MAY not be able to decrypt encrypted disclosures, and MAY decide to forward them to an inner verifier that can decrypt them.
```

> ## AEAD Encrypted Disclosures

Reviewer: also for sec considerations:

The inner verify is assured that the key binding token accepted by the outer verifier, has integrity protected, all disclosures in the issuer signed SD-CWT.
